.agent/rules/mcp-scope-secrets-guardrail.md, before:

---
trigger: always_on
---

# MCP Scope & Secrets Guardrail (ALWAYS ON)

## Scopo
Questa regola impone confini e sicurezza quando l’Agent usa strumenti (MCP) e filesystem.

## Workspace Scope (OBBLIGATORIO)
- Considera come “root consentita” SOLO la root del workspace aperto.
- **INTERRUPT**: Se un’operazione richiede di uscire dal workspace, l'Agente **DEVE FERMARSI** e chiedere conferma esplicita motivata.

## Secrets & Sensitive Files (DIVIETO ASSOLUTO)
L'Agente **NON DEVE MAI** leggere, stampare o cercare contenuti in:
- Qualsiasi file `.env*` (`.env`, `.env.local`, ecc.)
- `**/mcp_secrets.env`
- `~/.ssh/**`, `**/id_rsa*`, `**/known_hosts`
- `**/secrets/**`, `**/*token*`, `**/*apikey*`, `**/*key*`

## Uso MCP: regole operative
- Usa `sequential-thinking` per pianificare ogni task non banale.
- Usa `brave-search` SOLO quando servono info esterne.
- Usa "context7" quando servono docs reali validati.
- Non inventare: se non trovi, dichiaralo e proponi il prossimo passo.

## Terminal safety
- Se un comando non è in Allow List, richiedi sempre review (ok).
- **INTERRUPT**: Non proporre comandi distruttivi (`rm`, `sudo`, `chmod -R`, ecc.) senza un piano dettagliato e conferma esplicita.

Commit message:

feat: Implement Checkpoint system, Translate all rules/workflows to EN, Hygiene & Protocol hardening

.agent/rules/mcp-scope-secrets-guardrail.md, after:

---
trigger: always_on
---

# MCP Scope & Secrets Guardrail (ALWAYS ON)

## Purpose
This rule imposes boundaries and security when the Agent uses tools (MCP) and the filesystem.

## Workspace Scope (MANDATORY)
- Consider ONLY the root of the open workspace as "allowed root".
- **INTERRUPT**: If an operation requires exiting the workspace, the Agent **MUST STOP** and ask for explicit motivated confirmation.

## Secrets & Sensitive Files (ABSOLUTE PROHIBITION)
The Agent **MUST NEVER** read, print, or search for content in:
- Any `.env*` file (`.env`, `.env.local`, etc.)
- `**/mcp_secrets.env`
- `~/.ssh/**`, `**/id_rsa*`, `**/known_hosts`
- `**/secrets/**`, `**/*token*`, `**/*apikey*`, `**/*key*`

## MCP Usage: Operational Rules
- Use `sequential-thinking` to plan every non-trivial task.
- Use `brave-search` ONLY when external info is needed.
- Use "context7" when real validated docs are needed.
- Do not invent: if you don't find it, declare it and propose the next step.

## Terminal Safety
- If a command is not in the Allow List, always request review (approval).
- **INTERRUPT**: Do not propose destructive commands (`rm`, `sudo`, `chmod -R`, etc.) without a detailed plan and explicit confirmation.
