.agent/skills/regression_gate/SKILL.md, before:

---
name: regression_gate
description: "Atomic Validation Protocol: Wrapper unificato per Chroma Check e Librarian Audit."
version: 2.0.0 (Divine)
author: Antigravity
---

# Istruzioni Operative

Questa skill è il **Guardiano della Qualità**. Non deve mai essere bypassata.

## 🛠️ The Atomic Tool
Invece di lanciare comandi sparsi, usa lo script unificato che garantisce l'ordine di esecuzione e la gestione degli errori.

### Sintassi
```bash
python3 .agent/skills/regression_gate/scripts/run_audit.py --collection <COLLECTION> --id <ID>
```

## 🚨 Protocollo di Fallimento
Se lo script restituisce un errore (Exit Code 1):

1. **STOP**: Non procedere con altre azioni.
2. **CONSULTA**: Leggi `.agent/skills/regression_gate/examples/correct_metadata.md` per capire dove hai sbagliato.
3. **FIX**: Correggi i metadata in Chroma o pulisci i file ghost.
4. **RETRY**: Rilancia il gate finché non ottieni `✅ GATE PASSED`.

## Note Tecniche
- Lo script gestisce internamente `uv run` per le dipendenze (`chromadb`, `duckdb`).
- È progettato per essere "Zero Silence": stampa l'errore esatto in rosso.

Commit message:

feat(evals): Unified runner.py v2.0, remove legacy .sh scripts
- Consolidated Triad challenges and Protocol checks into single runner.py
- Deleted brittle run_checks.sh and check_metadata.sh
- Updated tech_rag workflow and regression_gate skill references
- Added docs_custom/ to .gitignore (project-specific, generated by /custom_project)
- Fixed: All protocol checks pass 2/2

.agent/skills/regression_gate/SKILL.md, after:

---
name: regression_gate
description: "Atomic Validation Protocol: Unified validator for Chroma Check and Librarian Audit."
version: 2.1.0 (Unified)
author: Antigravity
---

# Operational Instructions

This skill is the **Quality Guardian**. It must never be bypassed.

## 🛠️ The Unified Command
Instead of running scattered commands, use the unified eval runner:

### Syntax
```bash
uv run --with chromadb .agent/evals/runner.py --protocol
```

This command validates:
1. **FixLog Canary**: `AG.fix.eval.metadata_gate` in `fix_logs` collection.
2. **Research Canary**: `AG.research.eval.metadata_gate` in `research_summaries` collection.

## 🚨 Failure Protocol
If the script returns an error (Exit Code 1):

1. **STOP**: Do not proceed with any other actions.
2. **CONSULT**: Read `.agent/skills/regression_gate/examples/correct_metadata.md` for guidance.
3. **FIX**: Correct metadata in Chroma or clean ghost files.
4. **RETRY**: Re-run the gate until you get `🚀 READY FOR DEPLOY`.

## Technical Notes
- The script handles `uv run` internally for dependencies (`chromadb`).
- Designed to be "Zero Silence": prints exact errors in red.
